About publishing package (#14)
meilisearch/integration-guides: README.md

A linter should be added to ease contributions and maintainers work.

We also recommend to add a `.editorconfig` file so that everyone can follow minimal styling rules.

#### About Publishing

> We ask our contributors to **not** publish the package into the official platform since we have not moved the work to the MeiliSearch organization. The SDKs and Integration team will take the charge of this part 😉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ask external contributors to **not** publish the package on the official platforms before we move the work to the MeiliSearch organization. Meili team will handle this part since we will automate it 😉
```
